# BBC
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/politics/rss.xml, bbc, politics
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/business/rss.xml, bbc, business
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/health/rss.xml, bbc, health
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/education/rss.xml, bbc, education
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/science_and_environment/rss.xml, bbc, science
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/technology/rss.xml, bbc, technology
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/entertainment_and_arts/rss.xml, bbc, entertainment
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/sport/rss.xml, bbc, sport

# CNN
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/cnn_tech.rss, cnn, technology
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/edition_space.rss, cnn, science
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/edition_entertainment.rss, cnn, entertainment
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/edition_sport.rss, cnn, sport
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/edition_travel.rss, cnn, travel
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/money_news_international.rss, cnn, business
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/cnn_health.rss, cnn, health

# Apple Sites
https://9to5mac.com/rss, 9to5mac, technology

# Daily Mail
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/index.rss, dailymail, entertainment
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/index.rss, dailymail, sport
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/index.rss, dailymail, health
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/index.rss, dailymail, science
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/money/index.rss, dailymail, business
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/index.rss, dailymail, travel

# Buzzfeed
https://www.buzzfeed.com/business.xml, buzzfeed, business
https://www.buzzfeed.com/tvandmovies.xml, buzzfeed, entertainment
https://www.buzzfeed.com/tech.xml, buzzfeed, technology
https://www.buzzfeed.com/sports.xml, buzzfeed, sport
https://www.buzzfeed.com/health.xml, buzzfeed, health
https://www.buzzfeed.com/politics.xml, buzzfeed, politics
https://www.buzzfeed.com/bringme.xml, buzzfeed, travel
https://www.buzzfeed.com/science.xml, buzzfeed, science

# The Guardian
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/sport/rss, theguardian, sport
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/technology/rss, theguardian, technology
https://www.theguardian.com/science/rss, theguardian, science
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/business/rss, theguardian, business
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/travel/rss, theguardian, travel
https://www.theguardian.com/education/rss, theguardian, education
https://www.theguardian.com/politics/rss, theguardian, politics
https://www.theguardian.com/society/health/rss, theguardian, health
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/culture/rss, theguardian, entertainment

# The Sun
https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/feed/, thesun, entertainment
https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/feed/, thesun, sport
https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/feed/, thesun, technology
https://www.thesun.co.uk/travel/feed/, thesun, travel
https://www.thesun.co.uk/science/feed, thesun, science
https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/politics/feed/, thesun, politics
https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/health-news/feed, thesun, health
https://www.thesun.co.uk/money/business/feed/, thesun, business

# The Telegraph
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/rss.xml, thetelegraph, travel
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/rss.xml, thetelegraph, business
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/rss.xml, thetelegraph, technology
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/rss.xml, thetelegraph, politics
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/rss.xml, thetelegraph, science
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/rss.xml, thetelegraph, sport
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/rss.xml, thetelegraph, education

# Huffington Post
https://www.huffpost.com/section/health/feed, huffpost, health
https://www.huffpost.com/section/business/feed, huffpost, business
https://www.huffpost.com/section/education/feed, huffpost, education
https://www.huffpost.com/section/politics/feed, huffpost, politics
https://www.huffpost.com/section/sports/feed, huffpost, sports
https://www.huffpost.com/section/technology/feed, huffpost, technology
https://www.huffpost.com/section/travel/feed, huffpost, travel
https://www.huffpost.com/section/science/feed, huffpost, science

# Independent
http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/rss, independent, sport
http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/rss, independent, travel
http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/rss, independent, entertainment
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/rss, independent, technology
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/rss, independent, politics
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/rss, independent, health
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/rss, independent, science
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/rss, independent, business
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/education/rss, independent, education

# Breitbart
http://feeds.feedburner.com/breitbart?format=xml, breitbart, politics